README.md, before:

Role Name
=========

Installs the OliveTin Web Interface tool for system management. OliveTin's main repository is https://github.com/OliveTin/OliveTin  . This has only been tested on Ubuntu 20 server, but should work fine on other Debian-based systems.

Requirements
------------

Jinja2 is required to execute the template module on the control node. No other requirements known at this time. 

Role Variables
--------------

No variables are present currently, but leaving in the directory structure for future growth.

Dependencies
------------

Depends on the tag name and the URL to pull the deb file being the same. So if the tag to download structure changes, it will break grabbing the .deb

Example Playbook
----------------

Including an example of how to use your role (for instance, with variables passed in as parameters) is always nice for users too:

    - hosts: servers
      roles:
         - { role: username.rolename, x: 42 }

License
-------

BSD

Author Information
------------------

Author is IronTooch.

Commit message:

Added a non-default config file option. Added handler to bounce service on config change.

README.md, after:

Role Name
=========

Installs the OliveTin Web Interface tool for system management. OliveTin's main repository is https://github.com/OliveTin/OliveTin  . This has only been tested on Ubuntu 20 server, but should work fine on other Debian-based systems.

Requirements
------------

Jinja2 is required to execute the template module on the control node. No other requirements known at this time. 

Role Variables
--------------

default_port: The port OliveTin will listen on. Defaults to 1337
log_level: The log level for OliveTin. Defaults to INFO

config_data: An override of the default configuration file. 


Future Work
-----------
Make the override of the default configuration file a bit more effective. Maybe a Block in File, so it doesn't override the log and default port variables. 

Dependencies
------------

Depends on the tag name and the URL to pull the deb file being the same. So if the tag to download structure changes, it will break grabbing the .deb

Example Playbook
----------------

Basic installation with default configuration file

  - hosts: servers
    roles:
      - role: '/home/tooch/Development/AnsibleRoles/AnsibleRole-OliveTin'


Basic installation with default configuration file and different listening port
  - hosts: servers
    roles:
      - role: '/home/tooch/Development/AnsibleRoles/AnsibleRole-OliveTin'
        vars:
          default_port: 1344

Installation with new configuration file
  - hosts: servers
    roles:
      - role: '/home/tooch/Development/AnsibleRoles/AnsibleRole-OliveTin'
        vars:
          config_data: "{{ lookup('file', 'MY_NEW_CONFIG_FILE.txt')}}"

License
-------

BSD

Author Information
------------------

Author is IronTooch.
